telephone call sir hello this is a
Sherman loans tee time at 12 I'll be
there
yes it's on a little bit domestic
violence case and when you finally do
make it to the green you get to use this
little baby up slider okay I want to
feel that see if you like the way the
head feels on that golf it's all about
head really is the head speed what do
you say we go out there to the driving
range and in a fuel
one of the most important things is how
you hold the golf club which is called a
trip I always tell my students that you
should hold it you don't want to crush
it to the wrong you don't want to let it
get away let that burn with a chicken
with your children okay you want to try
to hit a ball yourself sure put it over
there on that little white teeth I'll
help you assume the position how big the
club are you used to handle God it's all
about it and you know right there buddy
I like it you show you the big stick
oh whoa I'm sorry
all right now that we understand this is
one of the hard shots and all you gotta
explode wall out of here
now that you've made it to the green I
want to give you some pointers on this
is why